Brief guide to survive in nssm:
1. Rapidly realize in which biome you are
2. Gather some wood (10)
3. Craft a wooden pickaxe
4. Build a shelter in the side of the mountain and close the door
Some biomes are better than others in order to survive at the beginning... Hills, forest are the best at a low altitude beacuse of presence of weak ducks: source of food and weapons
It is nearly impossible to survive at the beginning in the savannah and in the deserts, pine forest is quite hard too, frozen biomes are great but they lack wood.
5. You are in a safe place! Find some coal mining your shelter or rapidly running near your cave
6. Leave the shelter only in order to gather wood
7. Mine in your house and find the iron, craft an armor and a sword
8. You can't dig under -30, Blocos live under -30 but above nobody should attack you underground
9. Start farming in front of your shelter
10. Kill some weak mobs and run from the stronger, do not challenge any boss! It is possible to fight strong enemies from your shelter, while they can't enter or hit you
11. Craft a wand in order to recover life even whitout food.
12. Always carry with you a sword and a steel pickaxe
13. Start exploring other biomes, run from savannah and deserts from now, and gather other goods from dead mobs in order to make better equipment
14. You can keep going down in the earth and mine more and more challenging underground mobs
15. With a better equipment you should start defeating bosses! Night Master is the most common and the weakest
16. Craft powerful weapons from bosses drops, but keep in mind that defeating the Mese Dragon is your goal!
17. Defeat all the bosses and gather their special drop
18. Craft the Mese Dragon Egg and find an appropriate place to summon it than defeat it.

With nssb:
1. Your adventure doesn't stop! Explore all the buildings and gather more and more experience!
2. Find a portal to Morlendor naturally spawned OR craft a bomb able to summon it from Slothful Soul Fragments: a rare drop of Signosignos.
3. Go to Morlendor throught the portal and bring a chest and flint and steel, place the chest near the portal in Morlendor and place some extra items.
4. Fight Morlendor mobs carefully, they can steal food, your armor, teleport themself, steal your life, explode, summoning bats...
5. 